Sliceable MetaData Class (#455)
sunpy/ndcube: docs/explaining_ndcube/slicing.rst

  array([2, 1], dtype=object)

The same result is obtained.

.. _meta_slicing:

Slicing NDMeta

> --------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==============
```

  >>> meta = NDMeta(raw_meta, axes=axes, data_shape=(4, 4, 5))

  >>> # Slice NDMeta object.
  >>> sliced_meta = meta.slice[0, 1:3]
  >>> sliced_meta.data_shape
  array([2, 5])

Note that by applying the slice item ``[0, 1:3]`` to ``meta``, the shape of the ``sliced_meta`` has been altered accordingly.
The first axis has been sliced away, the second has been truncated to a length of 2, and the third remains unchanged.
The shape of ``"pixel response"`` has been altered:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> sliced_meta["pixel response"].shape
  (2, 5)

while ``"exposure time"`` has been reduced to a scalar:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> sliced_meta["exposure time"]
  <Quantity 2. s>

Moreover, because the first axis has been sliced away, ``"exposure time"`` is no longer associated with a data array axis, and so is no longer present in the ``axes`` property:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> list(sliced_meta.axes.keys())
  ['pixel response']

Finally, note that axis-agnostic metadata is unaltered by the slicing process.

.. code-block:: python

  >>> sliced_meta["salutation"]
  'hello'
  >>> sliced_meta["name"]
  'world'

Automatically Slicing NDMeta Attached to Other ND Objects

> *********************************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------------------------
```

`~ndcube.NDMeta` has a dunder property called ``__ndcube_can_slice__``, which, by default, is set to ``True``.
When attached to `~ndcube.NDCube`, `~ndcube.NDCubeSequence`, and `~ndcube.NDCollection`, this property lets those classes know that that the metadata object is sliceable.

> Hence, when their ``__getitem__`` methods are called (i.e. when they are sliced), they apply the slice item to ``self.meta.slice`` and attach the result as the meta attribute of the newly sliced ND object.

Reviewer: This is very developer focused. I think we should skip how this works here and just say "when attached to cube, slicing happens".

Author: ```suggestion
`~ndcube.NDMeta` has a dunder property called ``__ndcube_can_slice__``, which, by default, is set to ``True``.
When attached to `~ndcube.NDCube`, `~ndcube.NDCubeSequence`, and `~ndcube.NDCollection`, this property lets those classes know to automatically slice the `~ndcube.NDMeta` along with its other sliceable attributes.
```
